Bei Qing
Is Zhi Han here?
I can't find Zhi Han
Don't worry,
Zhi Han is so well-behaved
She won't wander off alone
Someone must have
taken her away
It must be Zhang Wen Xu
Zhang Wen Xu
Is Zhi Han with you?
So what if she is?
Zhang Wen Xu
The divorce papers clearly state
Without my permission,
you can't see Zhi Han
But it's been so long
Zhi Han misses me
Isn't that right, Zhi Han?
Zhang
Yes
Zhi Han wants to see Dad
Zhi Han
Are you okay?
Mom, why don't you let me see Dad?
You're a bad mom
I hate you
That's not true, Zhi Han
Mom
Zhang Wen Xu
What's wrong?
Zhang Wen Xu is trying to use Zhi Han to threaten me again
I need to show him
Using my child to threaten me
That’s the biggest mistake he’s ever made